v0.25: Task api (#1208)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/quick_start.md

[API references](/reference/api/documents.md)

### Checking task status

Most actions in MeiliSearch are [asynchronous](/learn/advanced/asynchronous_operations.md), including the document addition process.

Here's an example of the kind of response you should receive after adding documents.

```json
{
    "uid": 1,
    "indexUid": "movies",
    "status": "enqueued",
    "type": "documentsAddition",
    "enqueuedAt": "2021-08-11T09:25:53.000000Z"
}
```

> Asynchronous actions return a JSON object containing several fields, the most important of which is `uid`. This indicates that the operation has been taken into account and will be processed once it reaches the front of the queue.
> 
> This response is a summarized version of the [`task` object](/learn/advanced/asynchronous_operations.md#response). To view additional details on the task's progress, use the [get task endpoint](/reference/api/tasks.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asynchronous actions return a JSON object containing several fields, the most important of which is `uid`. This indicates that the operation has been taken into account and will be processed once it reaches the front of the queue. To view the task's current `status`, use the [get task endpoint](/reference/api/tasks.md).
```

[API references](/reference/api/documents.md)

### Checking task status

Most actions in MeiliSearch are [asynchronous](/learn/advanced/asynchronous_operations.md), including the document addition process.

Asynchronous actions return the following response in the stated order:

| Field      | Type    | Description                              |
|------------|---------|---------------------------------         |
| uid        | integer | Unique sequential identifier             |
| indexUid   | string  | Unique index identifier                  |
| status     | string  | Status of the task. Value is `enqueued`  |

> | enqueuedAt | string  | Represents the date and time in the ISO 8601 format when the task has been `enqueued`                                                        |

Author: I don’t know where else to add it. I added it here because they will see this response so might as well explain what it does. The only other place is asynchronous operations. I can try fitting it there
